3.0.0  January 4, 2015
----------------------
It's been almost two years since I created this plugin, based on a tutorial by Daniel Beck. At the time, I had moved from TextMate to Sublime Text, and missed TextMate's Filter Lines feature. So I adapted Daniel's tutorial and used the plugin almost every day. With help from others, I added features like folding, filtering for non-matching lines, filtering in place, and custom line separators. But it wasn't very fast on large files, and with the new features it was getting harder to extend.

For this release, I made Filter Lines faster, especially for very large files, and refactored and simplified it so that it will be easier for others to extend. I refocused on the plugin's most useful features, and rewrote it to use the native Sublime Text 3 API where possible instead of Python modules. For example, I used the Sublime Text 3 search API instead of the Python regular expression module.

Unfortunately, I dropped two features -- filtering in place and custom line separators. I dropped filtering in place because I prefer not to modify the source buffer, and I dropped custom line separators to simplify the plugin.

This release is for Sublime Text 3 users. I have separate versions of the plugin for Sublime Text 2 and 3, and the version for Sublime Text 2 remains unchanged for now.

Changes
-------
- Faster for large files
- Now uses Perl regular expression syntax instead of Python regular expression syntax
- Now you can show source line numbers (see the new line_numbers preference, off by default)
- Now always filters to a new buffer (no longer supports filtering in place)
- No longer supports custom line separators
- Refactored commands to make this plugin easier for others to extend

Regular Expression Syntax
-------------------------
Earlier releases used Python regular expression syntax. This release uses Sublime Text search, which implements the Perl regular expression syntax from the Boost library. For more on the Boost Perl syntax, see:

http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_44_0/libs/regex/doc/html/boost_regex/syntax/perl_syntax.html
